hey people what's up town and the
speaks excitedly as likely
very many of you
and yes we have the following
sick shit I would like people
necessarily on him in front of it
this dani alves in any case the
team on the msi is player of the year
Congratulations to you, you know
you watch my videos and everyone
For example, we have a case now
daniel alves has seen the left
economic trials to test if
The price is a bit cheap but
Well, well, if you think about it completely
short come here if an atlético madrid
this sold what the value lost
yes it's true that's even there
not just the defenders
if there is one already
ramos 84 ps looks you the time in miller
births in contrast to his other
the five times shot more pace 54
with ripple 7 more defense and
seven my god so i will now
times perfect 10 randomly hopefully
pull what good the special put
was all be ok
12 things are in there and everyone is glittering
So 34 would be his players
wanted to be there with you when a
something good player oxlade chamberlain
and the fraud and we have here in new
put yorker
that's great that so much people are completely in
trim the bag yes
in any case get our money already
get out all the enemy has to expect
only two pieces of no matter
max pack
com a good player does it like that
because I'm just fine
agr
by samuel rusch almost graduation money
get out
but not so much the people that
occurs with the song ag is on everyone
fall dropped very very strong
it will be worth under 100 k
talking jazz in the pinzgau last look
110 is about clearly clear so yes
clearly that sinks then I still remember
as open so was the probability
that it's always the same with me first pack
or so then good and then one
shit tv vorst now time to rock
put
thomalla 18 96 years
95 94 ok nature fast for 90 or so
purely because he will definitely be very
Very, very much money is losing money
depreciate
on the one hand, 9001 with one hour
and respect you as well have the spec
here no longer then there are
this pack here that's the mopac
Then there's this pack
what is in there twelve players three
Rare okay, yes, I'll be a short one
break and watch what such a forum ever
just going off what the people pulled but
then I come here for the same mahl
like so people I'm more like two minutes
gone have already been sold
that is a very cool but that's it
no matter in any case the actor will be on
every case at the latest in one week
That's why 70,000 or so costs
we sold for a very long time now
lot of money
and in any case a bit
intercept and that means for us that
we'll say one here
jumbo and that 's it then you put that
will be the last pack
that's about three shines of the
mirror too and that costs 15,000 and
We hope that a good goal
an informer
swissinfo I raced 100 again so
sexy chic i am ne king
that's very bitter
Wow
juli is then my luck is over
my god first beck rubinho
sympathetic money about
rausbekommt second beck ag eur
everything on sale and leppert goes like this
about 100 reaction people but that is
I have a really sick cat
spent 75,000 my god which 70
89 85
meanwhile , it's getting good seventies too
ready guy actually still as
opens if already such a horny shit
But like I say, I pulled that one
75 it will be great in there
but I'm still pure because it's easy
so to conclude a small pack yet
and yes , we hope we see that was clear
that we do not pull so well then
but hey god on the island woman my
I can sum up people's tariffs
roll fall
I have twice the streets off
so people there will be no pixma today
probably open tomorrow for me
tomorrow still the goalkeeper thorben
stockum and the defenders to pull
then you will forget about the house
because it's just talking so fast that only
bbva league player on the team on what the
very very amazing is not from
would have assumed a 95 ye
I'm crazy last 93 and have to say
now the season does not work like that
held over hammer was alright but
hard he would have thought that you only 92
this time will be and compares six again
Make more ashton like my colleague
real 7 more ball safety rather
Repulsion six times more
more so with 70 ps of the cashier
cochstedt second fastest goalkeeper faith
I now and position even more
My god, I'm looking forward to it
messi and ronaldo and all the stuff
that is yet to come
I can also put the team on yours
In a nutshell, forgive I want to store
is kassier's left defender
marcello alves right inside linebacker
piqué and ramos mittelfeld is iniesta
will likely zm is that the
right of center driven horny tax
then harvey and gabi alonso there
Now we have the right wing but the one
will probably storm of course
play messi then in the central stream as
Center Forward has a normal storm
falcao and left wing ronaldo that is
really horny people I 'll be on everyone
case of selling then I try
now just in the next time
few bargains to catch us
at the
wednesday and thursday then again
both midfield so yes as in the first
and all and pack we can and yes i
I am very happy on her what people
come outside